---
id: 2
title: Home
date: '2010-08-13T02:46:16+00:00'
author: admin
layout: page
guid: 'http://maryharris.org/?page_id=2'
---

Mary Martin Harris was born November 3, 1929 in Marion, Alabama. She was the first of six siblings born to Wade and Louisa (Brooks) Martin. Mary confessed Christ at an early age and joined the church. Mary attended elementary school in Marion. In 1938, the family relocated to Coretta, West Virginia where Mary continued her education and graduated 3rd in her class from Excelsior High School. After finishing High School, Mary moved to Detroit, Michigan where she enrolled in cosmetology school, graduated and obtained her state license. Mary operated and owned “Mae and Mary Beauty Salon.” Mary met David Harris Sr. and was married in 1952. To this union were born two sons, David Jr. and Darryl whom she adored and loved with all her heart. In the early 60’s, Mary joined St Paul African Methodist Episcopal Church to worship with her husband, David Sr. Mary was determined and driven in her desire to become an educator. She enrolled in Highland Park Community College and received her Associate’s Degree in Education. Mary then enrolled at Wayne State University and after completing her Bachelor’s Degree, she obtained her teaching certification. Mary began her career as an educator in the Detroit Public School System where she worked at Joyce Elementary School for over 28 years. She eventually continued on with her education to receive her Master’s of Education from Wayne State University. Along with her normal teaching duties, Mary was also the Joyce School Union Representative for several years. After retirement, Mary volunteered her time and effort to several different organizations including St. Paul Missionary Society, Detroit Public School Youth at Risk Program, St. Paul J.A. Charleston Scholarship Committee and was a lifetime member of the NAACP. On August 2, 2010, the Lord opened His arms and called Sister Mary home. She was preceded in death by her parents Wade and Louisa Martin; brother, Wade Martin Jr. and sister, Ernestine Jackson. Mary leaves to cherish her memories her husband, David Harris; loving sons David (Gwendolyn) Harris Jr. of Detroit, Michigan and Darryl (Hannah) Harris of Georgetown, Indiana; brother, Will (Clodie) Martin of Southfield, Michigan; sisters, Nadine Clack of Bluefield, West Virginia, Gloria (Larry, Sr.) King of Rutherfordton, North Carolina; grandson, David Dupree Harris of Seattle, Washington; granddaughters, Ashleigh Marzel Harris of Detroit Michigan and Alicia Darryl Underwood of Akron, Ohio, as well as a host of nieces, nephews and other relatives.